Hello Ryel Banfield You did an amazing job so far in this capstone. 

TO HIGHLIGHt: 

1. Your project looks good.
2. Your code looks professional. 
3. well use of the MVP 
4. You met the requirement ask for
5. Your code is very clean and easy to read and understand.

CONGRATULATIONS!! GOOD JOB

-------------------------------------------------------------------

Please add steps on your readme file about how to clone your repository. 
Don't use logic in your views. Instead, use the helpers.
Please make use of the assets pipeline to process the style of your page, divide your style into multiples files logically. 
Please follow the same pater in the category section. The articles must be shown the same as the original design


Please implement the extra feature

The project requirement on notion states that in the end, after MVP is completed, you should implement one extra feature of your choice and talk about it in the video. I cannot find any extra feature in your application, if you have already implemented it, please talk about it in the video. If not, please implement one.

------------------------------------------------------------------

Please use Models for database operations and not controllers.

Your controllers contain very minimal database operations. In an MVC design, the main aim of controllers is to intercept requests. Please place all of your business logic or database operations in Models. For instance, you can use scopes for the following operations:

```

@votes = Vote.all.to_a.pluck(:article_id)

@featured_article = Article.find_by(id: @votes.max_by { |i| @votes.count(i) })
```


-----------------------------------------------------------------------